docs(related-projects): add the is-website-vulnerable CLI tool (#9810)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: readme.md

* **[Web Page Test](https://www.webpagetest.org)** — An [open source](https://github.com/WPO-Foundation/webpagetest) tool for measuring and analyzing the performance of web pages on real devices. Users can choose to produce a Lighthouse report alongside the analysis of WebPageTest results.

> * **[is-website-vulnerable](https://github.com/lirantal/is-website-vulnerable)** - An [open source](https://github.com/lirantal/is-website-vulnerable) Node.js CLI tool that helps with finding publicly known security vulnerabilities in a website's frontend JavaScript libraries.

Reviewer: some optional suggestions for you. no need to double link to the same place and could deverbosify things a bit :)

```suggestion
* **[is-website-vulnerable](https://github.com/lirantal/is-website-vulnerable)** - An open source Node.js CLI tool that finds publicly known security vulnerabilities in a website's frontend JavaScript libraries.
```

Author: Looks good, thanks Patrick!
